Where are courses conducted?

GoTrained courses are conducted online. There are live courses and recorded courses. You are not required to move elsewhere to join one of our courses; you can attend the lectures anywhere from your computer or mobile phone.



Will I get course certificate, and how?

Yes. There are courses requiring only completing the lectures; other courses require you to submit assignments. So simply, to earn a course certificate you must complete the course requirements mentioned on the course page.



How can I pay course fees?

If a course is free, you do not have to pay any fee. If a course is paid, we accept many payment methods including Credit/Debit Cards, Payoneer, PayPal, Skrill, and Bank Transfers.



Should I install programs to join courses?

Usually, you can attend lectures using your computer browser. Live webinars may ask you to download a small free program. For attending courses on your mobile phone (live or recorded), there is usually a free mobile app for a better experience.




What is the difference between webinars and video courses?

A webinar-based course is a live online course that takes place at a specific date and time, but you can attend it from anywhere. On the other hand, a video course is a series of small recorded videos that you can watch at anytime and from anywhere.




What are the courses available?

Currently, we concentrate on Programming and Management courses, but we may expand our training services in the future. If you want to suggest a course in these fiels or any other subject, please contact us.



Will I receive training materials? 

Depending on the course subject, you might receive coding files or PDFs. Also, live sessions are recorded so that you can watch them again.



Do you offer discounts?

Live courses usually have "early bird" discounts for early registered trainees. Also, we offer discounts for video courses in several occasions. Make sure you subscribe to our newsletter to receive our offers.



Do you offer free tutorials?

You can check our free tutorials at our blog and YouTube channel. Furthermore, we organize free webinars. Subscribe to our newsletter to receive notifications about new free tutorials.




Do you offer training for groups or corporate teams?

Yes, we can organize customized training courses for groups or corporate teams. Let's discuss your requirements. Please contact us using the "Ask Question" form at: https://gotrained.com/#faq





I have more questions, can I talk to a human support agent?

Yes, please contact us using the "Ask Question" form at: https://gotrained.com/#faq and we will get back to you asap.




